gives English for the many needs of it
today not there
I need TV come on konichiwa
- koala at dawn Makka pakka know they
expect on my month motor on it motor
power record did you
Kumiko dope on you otherwise my dad
of the up there alone either
illusions
mati
and I retire in the olden days
Cheeta
dvanstaa do better than he Carini what
does it net-net to the taiko got a
minute sir Massa moment my little
morning woah saanicu connected
ridiculous intercourse gold on an update
on them not stay in a canoe written on
this cantaloupe every night oh my gosh
you got there yes Manawa tonight
course and I'm uh looking awesome
- maybe mistake night over mass
so this yoga vodka here my famous tell
us about Nike body say men to the moon a
mom on the ninth man it's just a moment
a little boy named little alone broke
their human Salah stable
right I don't want a turkey yes this
marcello cotrim in Amedeo New Jersey
cotton is a panelist it all coordinates
a parent income by Isis
Oh
yes they say it's not rated well it's
you don't wanna in this room can you -
okay kiddo go over there
of Cour can I have a token token as you
know
if it go somewhere less duty then you
need to look at all morning all
- eg in Tarragona Marie Curie is a
cynical and mementos column on and a
miracle is you consider a silent assume
is an edict a la na nach on the night of
a kamikaze namaste ugly you know maybe
they kill you like it
why - I wonder if though Danko's tiny
she's on a ultimate Atlantica criminal
any type of persona they're awesome it
is man from colorism Oh sonic isn't
gonna tell it's gonna say more like oh
like cocoa in Ithaca whenever I become
enemy tell Oliver that was it meaningful
come I did a show on site so could they
be a master kedaranatha comes in line if
you know not covered commodity heavy
stuff
the other